Minor edits to the "Third-party cookies" section (#39388)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/guides/cors/index.md

Note that cookies set in CORS responses are subject to normal third-party cookie policies. In the example above, the page is loaded from `foo.example` but the `Cookie` header in the response is sent by `bar.other`, and would thus not be saved if the user's browser is configured to reject all third-party cookies.

> Third-party cookie policies (e.g., the [SameSite](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Set-Cookie#samesitesamesite-value) attribute) may suppress certain cookies from being sent to the server. The enforced cookie policy may therefore nullify the capability described in this chapter, effectively preventing you from making credentialed requests whatsoever.

Reviewer: I prefer your version, but it does kind of change the "flow". How about this:

```suggestion
Cookies set in CORS requests and responses are subject to normal third-party cookie policies.

Third-party cookie policies may prevent third party cookies being sent in requests, effectively stopping a site from making credentialed requests even if permitted by the third party server (using `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials`).
The default policy differs between browsers, but may be set using the [SameSite](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Set-Cookie#samesitesamesite-value) attribute.

Even if credentialed requests are allowed, a browser may be configured to reject reject all third-party cookies in responses.
```

Author: Hello @hamishwillee  Sorry it took me so long to reply. 

1. Could you help me better understand the motivation behind your suggestion? Was my original too terse, did it leave out import details (e.g., `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` and server side cookie policies), etc.? You mentioned "flow," but I am not sure what you meant by that in _this_ context.
1. Also, when you say, "How about this (for the whole section)," do you mean the paragraph before my edit would be removed too? I'm referring to this one:
    > Note that cookies set in CORS responses are subject to normal third-party cookie policies. In the example above, the page is loaded from `foo.example` but the `Cookie` header in the response is sent by `bar.other`, and would thus not be saved if the user's browser is configured to reject all third-party cookies.
    If so, I see the improvement of your suggestion, but I don't understand the difference between your first two paragraphs.

---

I'm more confused than ever when it comes to this original paragraph. Is it supposed to be about 3rd party Cookies sent in the pre-flight request, after pre-flight request, or both?

Author: NP @hamishwillee . I appreciate it

Author: > Which original para? This one?

Yep, that one. 

> Correct.

Okay, I understand the original paragraph now, thanks!

Mentioning [credentials: "include"](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/credentials) is confusing me a bit. Isn't that a Fetch API concept? I may be mistaken, but aren't there ways to send HP requests that don't use the Fetch API?

Regardless, I'd like to give this edit another shot to see what you think. I'll do that in my next reply.

Author: @hamishwillee Actually, I think I'd like to increase the scope of my edit beyond this part of the page. I'm happy with your suggestion, but I might create a PR in the future that changes more, including this paragraph. 

In the meantime, I'll accept your suggestion. Thanks!

Reviewer: Thanks @DanKaplanSES . I'll merge this and look forward to your next PR :-)
